.TH requirejs-dependencies "1" "May 27, 2020" "" "requirejs-dependencies manual"

.SH NAME
requirejs-dependencies - RequireJS dependncy tracer

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B requirejs-dependencies
-r|--rootdir
.I path
[-c|--config
.I path
]
.br
[--common] [--implode-bundles] [--explode-bundles
.I list
]
.br
[--implode-current-bundle] [-V|--version] [-h|--help]
.I module...
.RE

.SH DESCRIPTION
Prints direct and indirect dependencies of one or more RequireJS modules.

.SH OPTIONS
.B
.IP "-r|--rootdir path"
source root directory
.B
.IP "-c|--config path"
configuration file for RequireJS
.B
.IP "--common"
print only common dependencies for more modules
.B
.IP "--implode-bundles"
print bundles as dependencies instead of modules
.B
.IP "--explode-bundles list"
specify bundles which modules will remain listed
.B
.IP "--implode-current-bundle"
do not list dependencies from the same bundle
.B
.IP "-V, --version"
print version number
.B
.IP "-h, --help"
print usage instructions

.RE
If you enable the option implode-bundles, you need to include bundles
in your config, so that relations module <--> bundle can be built.

If no arguments are provided, usage instructions will be printed out.
Errors and timing are printed on standard error. Dependencies, usage
instructions and version number are printed on standard output.

A non-zero exit code is returned in case of error.

.SH EXAMPLES
.B
.IP "requirejs-dependencies -r src -c src/config.js src/main"
Print dependencies of src/main.js.
.B
.IP "requirejs-dependencies -r src --common src/store src/shell"
Print common dependencies of src/store.js and src/shell.js.

.SH BUGS
requirejs-dependencies's bug tracker is located at <https://github.com/prantlf/requirejs-dependencies/issues>

.SH DOCUMENTATION
See the website for documentation <https://prantlf.github.io/requirejs-dependencies/>

.SH AUTHOR
Currently maintained by Ferdinand Prantl <prantlf@gmail.com>
